docs: adds documentation for key management secrets engine (#10353)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/secrets/key-management/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Key Management - Secrets Engines
sidebar_title: Key Management <sup>ENTERPRISE</sup>
description: >-
  The Key Management secrets engine provides a consistent workflow for distribution and lifecycle
  management of cryptographic keys in various key management service (KMS) providers.
---

# Key Management Secrets Engine

-> **Note**: This secrets engine requires [Vault
Enterprise](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault/) with the Advanced Data
Protection Module.

The Key Management secrets engine provides a consistent workflow for distribution and lifecycle
management of cryptographic keys in various key management service (KMS) providers. It allows

> organizations to maintain centralized control of their keys from Vault while still taking advantage

Author: I intended for it to mean "by using". I'm wondering if there is a better word that would make it less ambiguous.

`from Vault` -> `in Vault`? 🤔

> organizations to maintain centralized control of their keys from Vault while still taking advantage

Author: Changed in 1854c7a.

functions. These steps are usually completed by an operator or configuration
management tool.

1. Enable the Key Management secrets engine:

    ```text
    $ vault secrets enable keymgmt
    Success! Enabled the keymgmt secrets engine at: keymgmt/
    ```

    By default, the secrets engine will mount at the name of the engine. To enable
    the secrets engine at a different path, use the `-path` argument.

## Usage

After the secrets engine is mounted and a user/machine has a Vault token with
the proper permission, it can use this secrets engine to generate, distribute, and
manage the lifecycle of cryptographic keys in [supported KMS providers](#kms-providers).

1. Create a named cryptographic key of a specified type:

    ```text
    $ vault write -f keymgmt/key/example-key type="rsa-2048"
    Success! Data written to: keymgmt/key/example-key
    ```

    Keys created by the secrets engine are considered general-purpose until
    they're distributed to a KMS provider.

1. Configure a KMS provider:

    ```text
    $ vault write keymgmt/kms/example-kms \
        provider="azurekeyvault" \
        key_collection="keyvault-name" \

>         credentials=client_id="" \

Reviewer: Should we provide dummy values for credentials?

Author: Added fake credentials to the example in 9e2e8a5. Let me know if you'd prefer these be something more like `client_id="example-client-id"` instead.

Reviewer: I think what you have is fine (similar to [aws sample values](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/auth/aws#sample-payload) in the docs)! It's mostly to indicate that these should be non-empty values.

1. Rotate a key:

    ```text
    $ vault write -f keymgmt/key/example-key/rotate
    ```

   Rotating a key creates a new key version that contains new key material. The key will be rotated
   in both Vault and the KMS provider that the key has been distributed to. The new key version
   will be enabled and set as the current version for cryptographic operations in the KMS provider.

1. Enable or disable key versions:

    ```text
    $ vault write keymgmt/key/example-key min_enabled_version=2
    ```

    The `min_enabled_version` of a key can be updated in order to enable or disable sequences of
    key versions. All versions of the key less than the `min_enabled_version` will be disabled for
    cryptographic operations in the KMS provider that the key has been distributed to. Setting a
    `min_enabled_version` of `0` means that all key versions will be enabled.

1. Remove a key from a KMS provider:

    ```text
    $ vault delete keymgmt/kms/example-kms/key/example-key
    ```

    This operation results in the key being deleted from the KMS provider. The key will still exist
    in the secrets engine and can be redistributed to a KMS provider at a later time.

>     To permanently delete the key from the secrets engine, the [delete key](/api/secret/key-management#delete-key)

Reviewer: Since it's a `DELETE` operation, I believe this can be done via `vault delete ...`

>     To permanently delete the key from the secrets engine, the [delete key](/api/secret/key-management#delete-key)

Author: This can be done using the CLI. I didn't add a step to the usage section for this because it's a simple operation that doesn't need much conceptual explaining. I thought it was pretty common knowledge that the CLI is mostly just an API client, so I refer to the API here. Happy to add another step with CLI usage if you think that's better.

    API may be invoked.

## Key Types

The Key Management secrets engine currently supports generation of the following key types:

- `rsa-2048` - RSA with bit size of 2048 (asymmetric)
- `rsa-3072` - RSA with bit size of 3072 (asymmetric)
- `rsa-4096` - RSA with bit size of 4096 (asymmetric)

> ## KMS Providers

Author: Indeed! I was thinking the same. Once the next provider is added, we'll break these out into sub-sections as you've mentioned 👍

If the client ID or secret are not provided and Vault is running on an Azure VM, Vault will attempt
to use [Managed Service Identity (MSI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-service-identity/overview)
to access Azure. Note that when MSI is used, the tenant ID must still be explicitly provided by the
configuration or environment variable.

An Azure Key Vault [access policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/assign-access-policy-portal)
determines whether a given service principal, namely an application or user group, can perform certain
operations on a Key Vault instance. The service principal associated with the provided credentials must
have an access policy on the Key Vault instance with the following minimum key permissions:

- `create`
- `delete`
- `get`
- `import`
- `update`

#### Key Transfer Specification

Keys are securely transferred from the secrets engine to Azure key vault instances in accordance
with the [Azure Bring Your Own Key](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/keys/byok-specification)
specification.

## Learn

> Refer to the [Key Management Secrets Engine](https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault/adp/TODO) guide for

Reviewer: This link seems invalid. @yhyakuna might be able to provide you with the actual link to the learn guide.

Author: Yep, this is invalid. I've been working to review the [learn content](https://github.com/hashicorp/learn/pull/2555) with @brianshumate. I'm not sure what the correct link is. I'll update this as soon as that's known 👍

Reviewer 2: 👋 The published URL for the learn tutorial is as follows:

```
https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/key-management-secrets?in=vault/secrets-management
```

Reviewer 3: > 👋 The published URL for the learn tutorial is as follows:
> 
> ```
> https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/key-management-secrets?in=vault/secrets-management
> ```

You don't need `?in=vault/secrets-management` in the URL.  (`https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/key-management-secrets` is all you need.)

> Refer to the [Key Management Secrets Engine](https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault/adp/TODO) guide for

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Key Management Secrets Engine](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/key-management-secrets) guide for
```

This link will go live on Nov. 11th.
